so this is supposed to be my Silver
Bullet my 240 dollar silver bullet
well it's like two hundred and
thirtysomething dollars but you open it
up piece of paper and you read it and
this is what tells you that blah blah
blah
we've ten years of crazy research
because you know the scientist and so it
says here take one tea bag add 100 250
milliliters well but we're we're
Americans so we're gonna go to four to
six ounces a boiling filtered water took
cup and then let it wait there for 10 to
15 minutes and then it says recommended
dosages for best results take one cup
twice per day on an empty stomach
so take it on end to stomach once before
breakfast and again a night before you
go to sleep assuming that's very
important we strongly suggest that you
complete one month supply sixty sachets
and I will and I spend money on this so
I definitely will and gives you safety
instructions because we're stupid
because America is freaking retarded
where the whole world is now and we
needed directions on how to deal with
freaking boiling hot water because
everybody sues everybody because
everyone could get away with it or
whatever this is your packets look at
this thing
hi I suggest you there's no easy the one
thing that I found the knowing about
this I couldn't find a easy tear oh
nevermind it's right there
stupid me
I was brushing in the morning so it's
not it's it's I couldn't open and I open
it up like this when I ripped open the
tea packet oh that's a trick I read on
the internet you could save these so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna finish my
treatment and I'm gonna see if I get
cured but I'm still gonna keep taking
this in the in the I'm gonna freeze the
packets and then after that I'm gonna
start boiling the packets in the water
because apparently that works so I'm
gonna try to do that because if you
don't know you know this about tea you
could reuse it a couple of times so I'm
gonna use reuse these a couple times I
got a ziploc zip lock bag in my fridge
and I'm throwing them all in there or
the freezer so that's it I hope you guys
are happy about this because I don't
remember recall seeing anybody doing a
video about this and that's it